# The Concept
When the theme for the KaJam was released I was like "What the heck am I gonna make for this?". Well, recently I've been planning out (larger) projects on paper, so I got out my clipboard and paper and wrote the word HUGE in large letters (refer to `The Planning/HUGE Heart small Body-01.png`). I wrote synonyms around HUGE to get my brain working, and then I had an idea. An island with a series of minigames related to the environment. The concept would be that small actions can have a HUGE consequence on the environment. Next to the word HUGE I drew a little map of the island and planned some potential locations/cleanup tasks (refer to `The Planning/HUGE Heart small Body-01.png`). The next thing I did was write a possible intro 'script'/message/(idk what to call it but you'll probably know what I mean when you see it...) (refer to `The Planning/HUGE Heart small Body-02.png`). Next I sketched out the "Pickup rubbish at (unnamed location at this point)" (refer to `The Planning/HUGE Heart small Body-03.png`). By this point I had figured out I wanted a 'message' (or whatever you want to call it) at the start and end of each task. The next thing I did was write that message for "Pickup rubbish at (unnamed location at this point))". The next 4 images (refer to `The Planning/HUGE Heart small Body-05.png` to `The Planning/HUGE Heart small Body-08.png`) are my sketches (done late at night...) while struggling to figure out a combination to make the light switch task actually challenging... That was painful... By this point I had coded the majority of the game but I needed _at least_ another task, eventually it came to me, sticking to my original idea, I planned the "Plant trees at Palm Tree Clearing" task (refer to `The Planning/HUGE Heart small Body-09.png`) and wrote the message for the task (refer to `The Planning/HUGE Heart small Body-10.png`). While I was at it I figured out I wanted a final message (I'm refering to the message from the developer at the **very** end of the game, not the final message... I know, it's like I intentionally make life as confusing as possible...) and so I wrote out both the final message and the message from the developer (refer to `The Planning/HUGE Heart small Body-11.png` and `The Planning/HUGE Heart small Body-12.png`). Then the following day I managed to finish off the programming the remaining task and messages.

# The Code
I minified a lot of the code (IDK why, I just like it like that for some reason lol), but I did mangle the general engine (GameObjects, Scenes, Meshes, Lines, and Vector2) from my [2D Game Engine](https://replit.com/talk/templates/2D-JS-Game-Template/144733) (which was originally mangled from my [2D Platformer Engine](https://replit.com/talk/templates/JavaScript-Platformer-Template/143163), I know, it's complicated and confusing lol). I probably would have been better off to just use my [2D Game Engine](https://replit.com/talk/templates/2D-JS-Game-Template/144733), but it is what it is, I started programming before I had my idea so I stuck with what I had. I spent most of the first day racking my brain for an idea (which I _eventually_ came up with late that night), but during that day I made the title page and menu with the weird, almost 3D text (I had the title text as "Untitled Game"). Generally speaking I just used the classic string based scene structure (eg: `var scene = "scene name";`). I made a tool file to store some of the useful tools I created, some of the stuff is kinda cool, it might be useful to other people... that is, if I hadn't minified it lol.

### Foot note (that's probably incorrect terminology. Edit: actually no, I think I got that right! Judging by the Google definition anyway...)
After I made the first three minigames and completed the majority of the game I made this to describe my experience coding this game which probably no-one will ever read... (man when I put it like that, it's pretty depressing, I guess that's why you gotta "Always look on the bright side of life", that's supposed to be a Monty Python reference... I doubt anyone will get that lol, if you do, feel free to let me know. Yes I know you're reading this... I'm definitely not making the assumption that you would have to read this to see that statement...).

### If you actually legitimately read all of that, thanks, it means I didn't _entirely_ waste my time writing all this...